c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\bin\Debug\YT Downloader.exe.config
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\bin\Debug\YT Downloader.exe
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\bin\Debug\YT Downloader.pdb
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\bin\Debug\YT Downloader.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\bin\Debug\libvideo.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\obj\Debug\YT Downloader.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\obj\Debug\YT_Downloader.Form1.resources
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\obj\Debug\YT_Downloader.Resources.resources
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\obj\Debug\YT Downloader.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\obj\Debug\YT Downloader.exe
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\obj\Debug\YT Downloader.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\obj\Debug\YT Downloader.pdb
C:\Users\Ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\bin\Debug\YT Downloader.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\bin\Debug\YT Downloader.application
C:\Users\Ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\obj\Debug\YT Downloader.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Ryan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\obj\Debug\YT Downloader.application
C:\Users\Ryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Ryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Ryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\obj\Debug\YT Downloader.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Ryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Ryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\YT Downloader\YT Downloader\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
